I hath donst thine mother.
I weighed your mom and she broke the scale.
yo mama's so stupid, she stared at a cup of orange juice for 12 hours because it said "concentrate."
yo mama is so dumb, she thought Taco Bell was a Mexican phone company.
yo mama is so fat, when she fell down it was hilarious. I wasn't laughing, but the floor was cracking up!
yo mama's so stupid, she saw "under 17 not admitted" so she brought 16 of her friends.
yo mama's so ugly, she scared the crap out of the toilet.
yo mama is so ashy, every time she rubs her arms it snows.
yo mama is so short, you can see her feet on her driver's license.
yo mama's teeth are so yellow, that when she smiles, traffic slows down.
yo mama's teeth so yellow, I can't believe its not butter.
if pigs could fly, your mom would have wings.
yo mamma is so stupid her password needed 8 characters, so she typed "Snow White and the 7 dwarfs."
yo mama's so broke that she couldn't even pay attention.
yo mama's so cross-eyed, she went to a movie and thought it was a double feature.
yo mama is so skinny she can dodge raindrops.
your mum is like the sun: big, round, and hard to look at.
your mama is so fat when she made a push up Earth went down.
yo mama is so skinny she can hula hoop with a Cheerio.
yo mama's breath is so bad people look forward to her farts!
your mama's credit is so bad, the bank won't even lend her a pen to fill out a credit application.
yo mama is so bald when she takes a shower she gets brainwashed.
yo mama smells so bad she makes skunks smell like desert flower Air Wick.
yo mama is like the sun: stare at her too long and you'll go blind.
yo mamma is so tall when she made a back flip, she kicked Jesus in the face.
yo mama is so gross, her shadow leaves a grease trail.
yo mama is so dirty that when she takes a bath she becomes skinny.
yo mama is so greasy she uses bacon for a band-aid.
yo mama's so bucktoothed, when she bowed her head to pray, she bit a hole in her chest.
yo mama is so bald, I can see what's on her mind.
your mama is so stupid, she tried to steal a free sample.
yo mama is so nasty they slapped a bio hazard sign on her back.
yo mama's so stupid, she cooks curry with Old Spice.
yo mama is so fat if she does jumping jacks in high heels she will strike oil!
yo mama is so scrawny she makes skinny jeans look fat.
yo mama's so broke, she got an eviction notice on her car.
yo mama so ugly she made an onion cry.